added they said you shouldn't garden it
you had no symptoms you know the whole
thing so in other words if you get it it
was younger but that's I'm a unique case
unfortunately but no people that don't
show symptoms and people that have
doctors say they shouldn't get it I
would rely on that yeah I would no I
don't think it's racist I don't think
it's racist at all
on that note major left-wing news media
even in this room have teamed up with
Chinese Communist Party narratives and
they're claiming you're racist for
making these things about Chinese buyers
that major media players just oppose you
are consistently siding with foreign
state propaganda Islamic radicals and
Latin gangs and cartels and they work
right here at the White House with
direct access to you and your team it
amazes me when I read the things that I
read it amazes me when I read The Wall
Street Journal which is always so
negative it amazes me when I read the
New York Times is not even I don't
I barely read it you know we don't
distribute it in the White House anymore
in the same thing with the Washington
Post because you see I know the truth
and people out there in the world they
really don't know that you're they don't
know what it is they use different
slogans and different concepts for me
almost every week trying to catch
something last week it was all chaos you
see me this is okay I said no chaos I'm
the one telling everybody to be calm
there's no chaos at the White House we
have unbelievable professionals it's
really I mean I think I came up with the
term I hope I came up with the term but
it is fake news it's more than fact is
it's corruptness there write stories
without calling anybody they write a
story today I had a couple of stories
where they never call me ever that I
know
at least nobody tells me they'll write a
story about me without even asking my
opinion on something it's totally fake
I've never seen I mean there is a story
in The Wall Street Journal today about
you know about how we've done we've done
a phenomenal job on this
the governor's even even gavin newsom
who you know I'm usually fighting with
over the fires and I think you should do
a different kind of a job at the in the
forests and lots of things we've we
argue a lot but Gavin Newsom has been
very very generous generous Andrew Cuomo
has been really very generous I mean
they're saying we're doing a great job
and everybody's saying but then you read
this faint phony story in the Wall
Street Journal or where the Washington
Post is going wild lately I don't know
what happened to them I guess something
happened like we don't call them back or
whatever but the Washington Post these
are very dishonest the media sources
they're very dishonest and you know what
someday hopefully in five years I won't
be here and that'll be fine I will have
done I think a great job because I don't
think anyone's done as much in
three-and-a-half years as I've done I
don't think and the administration this
administration has done a great job but
the press is very dishonest like we
don't call them well I think they are
siding with they are siding with China
they are doing things that they
shouldn't be doing decide it with many
others China is the least of it so why
why they're doing this you'll have to
ask them but if we had an honest media
in this country our country would be an
even greater place so ladies and
gentlemen thank you very much we are
very excited about we are very excited
about in specifically what we talked
about with the chloroquine I think the I
think it could be something really
incredible it could totally depress the
times that we had mentioned wait excuse
me excuse me it could totally depress
any time that we're talking about if it
works there are a lot of